README.md, before:

<div align="center">
	<a href="https://mateffy.me/mission-control-project">
		<img src="resources/screenshot-2.0.0-rc6.png">
	</a>
	<h1>Mission Control</h1>
	<p>
		Opinionated JavaScript framework for building real-time dashboards
	</p>
	<p>
		<a href="https://mission-control.js.org">Project Homepage</a>
		<span>&nbsp;|&nbsp;</span>
		<a href="https://mission-control.js.org">Docs</a>
	</p>
</div>

<br>



Beginning a real-time web project, like building your own home dashboard, can be a tedious and time-consuming process.
Coding lots of boilerplate for authentication, authorization and data communication isn’t fun at all. By the time you get to building the thing you wanted you got bored and moved on to the next.
Mission Control aims to provide all those features out-of-the-box so you can get to creating what matters right away.


## Features

- Real-time state sync between server and client (service-based API)
- Plugin API for creating your own services
- Role-based permission API
- Built-in User Management
- HTTP & WebSocket Transports
- Usecases:
	- Home Automation UIs / dashboards
	- Analytics dashboard combining different data sources
- Available plugins for:
	- HomeKit light control
	- Spotify player
	- YouTube downloader (youtube-dl integration)
	- Filebrowser
	- etc.
- Kinda pretty UI (at least I like it... you decide or build your own!)

## Installation

Note: 2.0.0 is currently in pre-release but more stable than 0.x.x versions.

```sh
$ npm install -g @capevace/mission-control@next
```

## Usage

You can now start the server like you would any binary.

```sh
$ mission-control --version
v2.0.0-rc8
```

### Options

```
Usage: mission-control [options]

Options:
  -V, --version       output the version number
  -u, --url <url>     the url mission control is reachable at
  -p, --port <port>   the port to use for mission control
  -h, --help          display help for command
```

### Config

A config file for mission-control will be created at `$HOME_DIR/.mission-control/config`. This can also be used to configure mission-control. However, options passed as command line arguments override settings in this file.

## Screenshots

![Mission Control Screenshot](resources/screenshot-2.0.0-rc6.png "Mission Control Screenshot")

## Changelog

### Version 2.0.0 (pre-release)

- Completely redesigned dashboard UI
- Introduction of a flexible plugin system
- Authentication is now handled by Mission Control itself, [single-sign-on](https://github.com/capevace/single-sign-on) is no longer required
- Users now have profiles, which will be integrated with a solid permission system
- Tons of bug fixes

### Version 0.5.4

- Rewrote logging system

### Version 0.5.3

- Added COVID widget to dashboard

### Version 0.5.2

- Fixed bahn algorithm skipping not displaying trains with SEV present

### Version 0.5.1

- Fixed dashboard layout now being loaded from database correctly

### Version 0.5.0

- New Dashboard is now customizeable

### Version 0.4.2

- Fixes error preventing the auth proxy from returning properly

### Version 0.4.1

- Fixes some minor security issues with dependencies

### Version 0.4.0

- The SSO server is now being proxied by default. This can be disabled with the `--no-proxy` option or by disabling it in the config file.
- Instead of localhost, the default url is now the local ip

## FAQ

### Running Mission Control on port 80

On Linux, running an http server on port 80 requires root priviliges. Generally this isn't a problem as you can simply `sudo mission-control -p 80` which works, but this approach falls apart when using systemd.

I found this workaround which seems to be the safest option to use instead:

```sh
sudo apt-get install libcap2-bin
sudo setcap 'cap_net_bind_service=+ep' /usr/bin/node # Replace path to node binary
```

### Notes about internal package updating
- `public-ip` kept at 4.0.4 until we move to ESM
- `internal-ip` kept at 6.1.0 until we move to ESM
- `auto-bind` kept at 4.0.0 until we move to ESM
- `on-change` kept at 3.0.2 until we move to ESM
- `passport` kept at 0.4 until we're sure, JWT-based caddy login still works

**Packages by internal plugins**
- `db-hafas`: bahn
- `internal-ip` and `public-ip`: system-info
- `@oznu/hap-client`: homebridge

## Authors

Lukas Mateffy – [@Capevace](https://twitter.com/capevace) – [mateffy.me](https://mateffy.me)

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/capevace/mission-control/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

REBRAND: replaced 'Mission Control' -> 'Bildschirm'

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
	<a href="https://mateffy.me/mission-control-project">
		<img src="resources/screenshot-2.0.0-rc6.png">
	</a>
	<h1>Bildschirm</h1>
	<p>
		Opinionated JavaScript framework for building real-time dashboards
	</p>
	<p>
		<a href="https://mission-control.js.org">Project Homepage</a>
		<span>&nbsp;|&nbsp;</span>
		<a href="https://mission-control.js.org">Docs</a>
	</p>
</div>

<br>



Beginning a real-time web project, like building your own home dashboard, can be a tedious and time-consuming process.
Coding lots of boilerplate for authentication, authorization and data communication isn’t fun at all. By the time you get to building the thing you wanted you got bored and moved on to the next.
Bildschirm aims to provide all those features out-of-the-box so you can get to creating what matters right away.


## Features

- Real-time state sync between server and client (service-based API)
- Plugin API for creating your own services
- Role-based permission API
- Built-in User Management
- HTTP & WebSocket Transports
- Usecases:
	- Home Automation UIs / dashboards
	- Analytics dashboard combining different data sources
- Available plugins for:
	- HomeKit light control
	- Spotify player
	- YouTube downloader (youtube-dl integration)
	- Filebrowser
	- etc.
- Kinda pretty UI (at least I like it... you decide or build your own!)

## Installation

Note: 2.0.0 is currently in pre-release but more stable than 0.x.x versions.

```sh
$ npm install -g @capevace/mission-control@next
```

## Usage

You can now start the server like you would any binary.

```sh
$ mission-control --version
v2.0.0-rc8
```

### Options

```
Usage: mission-control [options]

Options:
  -V, --version       output the version number
  -u, --url <url>     the url Bildschirm is reachable at
  -p, --port <port>   the port to use for Bildschirm
  -h, --help          display help for command
```

### Config

A config file for mission-control will be created at `$HOME_DIR/.mission-control/config`. This can also be used to configure mission-control. However, options passed as command line arguments override settings in this file.

## Screenshots

![Bildschirm Screenshot](resources/screenshot-2.0.0-rc6.png "Bildschirm Screenshot")

## Changelog

### Version 2.0.0 (pre-release)

- Completely redesigned dashboard UI
- Introduction of a flexible plugin system
- Authentication is now handled by Bildschirm itself, [single-sign-on](https://github.com/capevace/single-sign-on) is no longer required
- Users now have profiles, which will be integrated with a solid permission system
- Tons of bug fixes

### Version 0.5.4

- Rewrote logging system

### Version 0.5.3

- Added COVID widget to dashboard

### Version 0.5.2

- Fixed bahn algorithm skipping not displaying trains with SEV present

### Version 0.5.1

- Fixed dashboard layout now being loaded from database correctly

### Version 0.5.0

- New Dashboard is now customizeable

### Version 0.4.2

- Fixes error preventing the auth proxy from returning properly

### Version 0.4.1

- Fixes some minor security issues with dependencies

### Version 0.4.0

- The SSO server is now being proxied by default. This can be disabled with the `--no-proxy` option or by disabling it in the config file.
- Instead of localhost, the default url is now the local ip

## FAQ

### Running Bildschirm on port 80

On Linux, running an http server on port 80 requires root priviliges. Generally this isn't a problem as you can simply `sudo mission-control -p 80` which works, but this approach falls apart when using systemd.

I found this workaround which seems to be the safest option to use instead:

```sh
sudo apt-get install libcap2-bin
sudo setcap 'cap_net_bind_service=+ep' /usr/bin/node # Replace path to node binary
```

### Notes about internal package updating
- `public-ip` kept at 4.0.4 until we move to ESM
- `internal-ip` kept at 6.1.0 until we move to ESM
- `auto-bind` kept at 4.0.0 until we move to ESM
- `on-change` kept at 3.0.2 until we move to ESM
- `passport` kept at 0.4 until we're sure, JWT-based caddy login still works

**Packages by internal plugins**
- `db-hafas`: bahn
- `internal-ip` and `public-ip`: system-info
- `@oznu/hap-client`: homebridge

## Authors

Lukas Mateffy – [@Capevace](https://twitter.com/capevace) – [mateffy.me](https://mateffy.me)

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/capevace/mission-control/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
